Phases themselves are actually fairly boring to talk about, but we're going
to run through them really quickly just to give you an idea of what phases
are available for you to tie your plug‑ins to.
We start off with the validate phase, and this validates the project as
correct and necessary and has all of the information available.
It has all the plug‑ins that it needs, it has all the artifacts
downloaded, all of our structures in place,
has permissions to create these directories, or do things like that.
Then there's the compile phase.
Compile is exactly what it sounds like; it's where
we compile our source code out.
It should be of note, though, that this is not where testing code gets compiled.
That happens in the test phase of our application. Testing tests the
compile source code and actually compiles our test source code and
makes sure all of the resources are in line with our test package, so
our src/test/java directory.
Then we have the package phase.
The package phase packages all of our code in its
defined packaging such as jars.
If you remember at the top of our POM,
we have the packaging type associated with that. It doesn't do anything
with it once it is packaged, but allows us to test to make sure that
everything is in its proper order that it should be.
A lot of people will tie generating resources or
Javadocs or stuff like that to this phase,
which we're going to talk about here in just a second.
The other phases that we have are the newer to Maven integration‑test phase.
This will allow us to deploy and run integration tests.
A lot of people don't use this yet because it's still a
newer phase to the Maven life cycle.
Then we have the verify phase.
This runs checks against our project to verify that it's good and meets
all the requirements that it should before we install it in our local
repository or we deploy it to a remote repository.
Our install and deploy have almost the same goal.
The install will package it and put it in our local repo, where the deploy will copy it up to a remote repository.